README.md, before:

# Why...

## Stack?
To practice extending types and adding conformances through extensions.

## LinkedList?
To see how using the `indirect` keyword makes it possible to have a LinkedList as a Struct instead of a class, with an Enum for the nodes

## Queue and Deque?
To experiment with constrained extensions, @inlinable and prioritization

## OrderedSet
To see how an ordered set combined the best of both arrays (fast random access and retaining of their order) and sets (instant access to specific elements, no duplicates),
without the downsides of either of them (checking for specific items runs in linear time - O(n) - for arrays and sets loosing their order)

## DataFlow?
To explore the different types of data flow in SwiftUI and create something that I can read again to solidify the knowledge

## Spaceship Operator?
As seen in other languages like C++ and Ruby, just for fun

## PersonNameComponentsFormatter?
Exploring the formatter for names that Apple provides

## Lockscreen?
Simply to practice building UIs based on a reference

## Tipps?
Same as Lockscreen

## Boxing
To experiment witht the concept of boxing by building a very simple box, adding back some lost as well as new functionality and mapping

## Custom Property Wrapper
To learn how to create a property wrapper that also update the `body` property, just like `@State`

## Assertions
To better understand the intricacies of assertions

## Sorted Arrays
Implementing a basic sorted array, then improving on it

## ShittyJSON
A macOS command line app to explore ways to handle messy or unknown JSON in an elegant way

## Trees
Just a simple data type and it's binary version

## FloodFill
Exploring path finding via the FloodFill algoryithm in a MacOS app

## BoidsFlocking
Implementing Craig Reynoulds Boid algorithm in Swift

## AStar
Further exploring path finding via the A* algorithm in a MacOS app

Commit message:

Created Remakes folder and moved Tips and Lockscreen projects

README.md, after:

# Why...

## Stack?
To practice extending types and adding conformances through extensions.

## LinkedList?
To see how using the `indirect` keyword makes it possible to have a LinkedList as a Struct instead of a class, with an Enum for the nodes

## Queue and Deque?
To experiment with constrained extensions, @inlinable and prioritization

## OrderedSet
To see how an ordered set combined the best of both arrays (fast random access and retaining of their order) and sets (instant access to specific elements, no duplicates),
without the downsides of either of them (checking for specific items runs in linear time - O(n) - for arrays and sets loosing their order)

## DataFlow?
To explore the different types of data flow in SwiftUI and create something that I can read again to solidify the knowledge

## Spaceship Operator?
As seen in other languages like C++ and Ruby, just for fun

## PersonNameComponentsFormatter?
Exploring the formatter for names that Apple provides

## Remakes?
Simply to practice building UIs based on a reference, mostly based on already existing iOS App/Components

## Boxing
To experiment witht the concept of boxing by building a very simple box, adding back some lost as well as new functionality and mapping

## Custom Property Wrapper
To learn how to create a property wrapper that also update the `body` property, just like `@State`

## Assertions
To better understand the intricacies of assertions

## Sorted Arrays
Implementing a basic sorted array, then improving on it

## ShittyJSON
A macOS command line app to explore ways to handle messy or unknown JSON in an elegant way

## Trees
Just a simple data type and it's binary version

## FloodFill
Exploring path finding via the FloodFill algoryithm in a MacOS app

## BoidsFlocking
Implementing Craig Reynoulds Boid algorithm in Swift

## AStar
Further exploring path finding via the A* algorithm in a MacOS app
